A whole truck of millet
Isn't this millet only available to the Li family?
There are also five tanks of water
How many girls can this buy?
Are you going to open a brothel when you buy it back?
This is definitely not the stuff of the happy kid
It was he who referred to Li Shaopinri as himself
Second Young Master, this must be all yours, right?
Oh, the old slave is very grateful
No reward
Why don't you take the old slave away too, hahaha.
Classmate with me
When did this young master ask you to send millet?
Send so much soon, not the young master
Our house doesn't have so many meters, right?
Not so many meters.
These things don't belong to your Li family.
It was me.
Five tanks of water plus a car of millet
Such an ass
It should be enough bro
This bride price is too much
Why don't you take some back?
It really belongs to you poor boy
Shut up!
No one is allowed to move what is delivered to the door.
If it weren't for lack of time
I can come up with more
As long as you can marry Xiaoting to him
You don't have to worry about food and clothing in the future
Are you serious?
How much more can you get?
If you are sincere
It is impossible to marry Xiaoting
Wait a minute, so many millet.
wrong way
He must have stolen food from my Li family
Ridiculous on these grains
But the name of your Li family is written on it.
Or are you only allowed to have food for the Li family?
No one else is allowed to drink
Well, as long as you can show evidence
I, Wu Tian, am not afraid to confront people
What should the second young master do?
I have no proof.
You ask me
Oh, dear.
Unexpectedly, this Wu Tian looks ordinary
This family is quite wealthy
This is going to marry my daughter, how nice do you say
That's Wu Gang's career
If only I could share a little
Hey, Wu Tian, can you sell me some?
Today is my big day
Go get the three masters
Free for everyone
Ok five days five days
Master Qingtian
Lord Qingtian
Can't deliver for five days.
If you can't send it upside down, this bag will be gone.
Girl, go and transfer the secret factory
Buckle things up for me first, go